Which Linux flavour you have worked on?

Command to list out processes?
  Top and htop
  ps -ef

Components of Kubernetes.

How will you take backup off Kubernetes?
  - ETCD already have the current state just need to take backup of ETCD

What do you know about filters?
 Grep
 AWK 
 CUT

What have you worked on till now?
  - I am currently working as ....
  - We are the first point of contact
  - So in our support we perform many tasks as apart of esuring the availability of clients infrastructure
      - monitoring
      - auditing
      - patching
      - GSTN
    


What do you know about kubernetes?
  How does self healing work
  How does High Availability work (RC and DC)

I have an application running on POD and developer comes with some changes I want to make changes to the POD What do you think will be the downtime
No downtime if we use DC because in dc we define MaxSurge, MaxUnavailable


What happens when POD exceeds CPU and memory ?
Whenever a pod exceeds its memory limit a signal SIGKILL is sent which immediately terminates the container and spawns a new one with OOM(out of memory) error.
If memory consumption increases pod will be terminated but in case of CPU, os can allow tiny time slices to consume more than allowed CPU share.

SRE Activities?
- monitoring

Are you OK with this Job?


How will you deal with tickets?
First I will check the priority of the ticket and try my best to trobleshoot and resolve it but if its not resolved within 5 minutes of initial troubleshooting 
then of course I will not let my overconfidnece impact client financially and immediately I will reach out to the L2 available in the shift with proper findings

What is reqiuitred to monitor EKS ?
  - CloudWatch Container Insights provides a comprehensive metrics monitoring solution for Amazon EKS at the cluster, node, pod, task, and service level. Amazon EKS also supports multiple options for metrics capture with Prometheus


Staus Codes
200 OK. The 200 OK status code indicates the request succeeded. ...
303 See Other. The 303 See Other status code indicates that you are being redirected to another resource via the "Location" response header. ...
400 Bad request. ...
404 Resource not found Authentication error
500 Internal server error.

If everything is managed by Kubernetes then why do we need monitoring
Kubernetes monitoring allows cluster administrators and users to monitor the cluster and identify issues such as insufficient resources, failures, pods that are unable to start, or nodes that cannot join the cluster.

What do you know about kubernetes logs?

Website is working but few Icons/photos are not loading? How will you know where is the error?

Youre watching a movie and it suddenly stops? What will you do?
Dont answer CHeck internet connectivity
ANswer like a SRE 
  PODS
  Network Ingress
  Logs

Drawbacks of docker over Kubernetes?
 - No centralized management
 - Single point of failure
 - No communication between Containers running on different host
 - No Scalability
 - Volume attach manually

What are your goals in case we select you?
Well I guess if thr position is of SRE Then an SRE engineer is responsible for 
  Reliability Scalability and HIgh availability
  Change managment

KUbeadm- allows to setup highly available multi node setup
minikube - simpler setup on just one node
Vanilla kubernetes - most basic kubernetes

What could be the reason why application is not deploying on Kubernetes?
Image name is incorrect
Image is not on ECR


Do you know about node groups and nodes?
Nodes are VM or EC2 instances 
Node groups are group of EC2 instances


Daemon sets?
Daemon set is used to run daemon pod on nodes 
If you delete a daemon set all pods of daemon set will also be deleted











